Name : Rohan Sudhir Basugade
Rollno. 2022416
Name : Tushar 
Rollno. 2022544

Group no: 93



Game Description
This JavaFX-based game is a platformer where the player controls a character attempting to jump and maneuver across moving obstacles to collect items (cherries) and score points. The game involves timing jumps and flips to navigate through the environment.

Game Controls
Jump: Click the "Jump" button to make the character jump.
Flip: Click the "Flip" button to make the character perform a flip when on the platform.
Mouse Interaction: Use mouse clicks and drags for certain in-game interactions (details below).


Gameplay Instructions
Starting the Game:

Click the "Play" button to start the game.
Gameplay Mechanics:
Click and drag the mouse to control the length of the stick after that stick start to rotate and fall on next wall.
The character moves automatically. 

Click the "Jump" button to make the character jump.
Use the "Flip" button at the right moment to perform a flip when on the platform.


Collecting Cherries:

The goal is to collect cherries to increase your score.
Cherries appear throughout the game; collect them by colliding with them using your character.
When you collect atleast 3 cherries, you unlock the revival feature, which allows you to continue even after death.

Game Over:

The game ends when your character falls off the platform or hits obstacles without performing a flip.
After the game ends, you can either restart the game or exit.
Revival (if available):

If you have collected enough cherries during gameplay, you can choose to spend them for a chance to revive and continue playing after the game ends.

Load game:
If you have previously saved a game you can load that game right now to continue further with that game.


Pausing the Game:

Click the "Pause" button during gameplay to pause the game.
Click the "Resume" button to continue playing after pausing.
Click the "Save" button to save the current status of the game.

Exiting the Game:

Click the "Exit" button to return to the main menu.


Design patterns:
Singleton class-> The cherries class is made singleton so that only one cherry exists at a given time.
Template-> Template has been used when certain functions need to be called together( for example in defination of update function).

Animations have been added to every movement of all objects in game.
